Quiz CH 2
Question 1 3 pts
Which religion thinks of the ultimate reality as non-personal?
Group of answer choices
Advaita Vdanta
Buddhism
Daoism
None of the above

Flag question: Question 2
Question 2 3 pts
What is the best definition of Divine Command Theory?
Group of answer choices
Submission
Obedience
A theory of moral obligation that equates our moral duties to the commandments of God
Kantism

Flag question: Question 3
Question 3 3 pts
What happens to Divine Command Theory if morality is placed higher than God's commandments?
Group of answer choices
Divine Command Theory cannot work
This sets up God's commandments as arbitrary
Both a and b
None of the above

Flag question: Question 4
Question 4 3 pts
Natural Law Theory
Group of answer choices
Does not deny God issues commands
Takes morality to be implicit in creation
Everything holds a natural purpose
Purpose is determined by study using reason
all of the above

Flag question: Question 5
Question 5 3 pts
Match Aristotle's four aspects with their meanings
Group of answer choices
Material Cause
Formal Cause
Efficient Cause
Final Cause

Flag question: Question 6
Question 6 3 pts
Under Natural Law Theory; God created the universe, including human beings and other objects, with _____________.
Group of answer choices
Natural reason
Purpose
Proper use
None of the above

Flag question: Question 7
Question 7 3 pts
According to Natural Law theory: Anyone, theist or not, is able to identify
Group of answer choices
the laws that govern morality
commandments so we know exactly what to do
predict the consequences of our actions
only God can infallibly identify the consequences of all actions

Flag question: Question 8
Question 8 3 pts
What is a problem with Natural Law Theory?
Group of answer choices
Takes morality to be implicit in creation
Everything holds a natural purpose
Underpants gnomes
Presupposes a model at odds with today's scientific reasoning

Flag question: Question 9
Question 9 3 pts
Religious Morality
Group of answer choices
Religious practice might support our moral life in ways that are independent of determining how we ought to act
Fear of divine punishment= doing the right thing
Morality requires doing the right thing for the right reason
All of the above

Flag question: Question 10
Question 10 20 pts
According to Normative Relativism who is right in the following scenario? Why? The British believe Suttee (aka Sati) is wrong. The Indian believe that the British is in the wrong as they should not judge. A widow should be able to place herself of the funeral pyre of her husband. Answer in at least 3 paragraphs of 5 sentences each.
p

Flag question: Question 11
Question 11 20 pts
Under the Euthyphro dilemma argue why the statement "Morality is logically independent of God," is true.

Answer in at least 3 paragraphs of 5 sentences each.
